Each task is presented in a single *.ipynb file. A task may include multiple requirements, each of which is stored in a separate cell.

Task 01: Basic data operations on DataFrames and RDDs
Load the dataset movies.json, which is available in the folder Googgle Drive\DemoNov29
a. Read the dataset into a DataFrame df and show its schema.
b. Count the number of records in df
c. Count the number of movies that were released after 2015
d. Show the movies whose names contain the word "Soldiers" (case-insensitive)
e. Show the movies that Amy Adams participated
f. Check whether Tom Cruise participated in any documentary movies. If no, return false. If yes, return the list of movies (only names enough)
g. Sort the movies following the descending order of the number of actors/actresses participated and then show the top 5 movies
h. List all the genres of movies that Emma Roberts participated
i. Count the number of genres in the dataset
j. Determine the year with highest number of actors/actresses participated.

Task 02: Frequent pattern mining with FPGrowth
Load the dataset sample_fpgrowth.txt, which is available in the folder Googgle Drive\DemoNov29
a. Perform an appropriate SparkML API (DF-based) on the given dataset
b. Perform an appropriate MLLib API (RDD-based) on the given dataset

Task 03: Clustering with k-means
Load the dataset kmeans_data.txt, which is available in the folder Googgle Drive\DemoNov29
a. Perform San appropriate SparkML API (DF-based) on the given dataset
b. Perform an appropriate MLLib API (RDD-based) on the given dataset
c. Visualize one of the two above clustering results

Task 04: Classification with decision trees
Load the dataset weather.txt, which is available in the folder Googgle Drive\DemoNov29
a. Perform an appropriate SparkML API (DF-based) on the given dataset
b. Create two arbitrary test samples and use the above decision tree to predict their labels

Task 05: Recommender systems with ALS
Load the dataset sample_movielens_data.txt, which is available in the folder Googgle Drive\DemoNov29
Build a recommender systems using ALS with an appropriate SparkML API

Task 06: Social network analysis with GraphFrame
Load the datasets user.txt and follower.txt, which are available in the folder Googgle Drive\DemoNov29
a. Build a tiny social network from the given datasets
b. Try some query to discover interesting things from the constructed network